feat(eslint-plugin-orbit): default-theme rule (#2737)
kiwicom/orbit: packages/eslint-plugin-orbit-components/docs/rules/default-theme.md

# default-theme

> The aim of this rule is to prevent the wrong usage or defaultTheme object from Orbit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The aim of this rule is to prevent a wrong usage of the defaultTheme object from @kiwicom/orbit-components.
```

## Rule details

The following patterns are considered errors:

```jsx
import defaultTheme from "@kiwicom/orbit-components/lib/defaultTheme";

const failedStatus = {
  isActive: true,

>   activeColor: defaultTheme.orbit.paletteOrangeNormal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  activeColor: defaultTheme.orbit.paletteOrangeNormal,
```

  node: <CloseCircle color="warning" />,
  content: getContentPerStatus(activeStatus, true),
};
```

```jsx
import defaultTheme from "@kiwicom/orbit-components/lib/defaultTheme";

const Wrapper = styled.div`
  color: ${defaultTheme.orbit.paletteProductNormal};
`;
```

```jsx
import theme from "@kiwicom/orbit-components/lib/defaultTheme";
```

```jsx
import defaultTheme from "@kiwicom/orbit-components/lib/defaultTheme";

const {
  borderWidthCard,
  borderStyleCard,
  borderColorCard,
  borderRadiusNormal,
  spaceMedium,
} = defaultTheme.orbit;

> ```

Reviewer 2: Could you provide a short explanation and an example proper usage after each bad pattern you listed?

For example, I don't understand why destructuring is problematic, although I assume it's because `defaultTheme` should be used only as a whole, and destructuring makes it harder for us to track all these variables and print out warnings for them, so we just mark destructuring itself as a problem?

Author: Yes, I can, but in a few words: it's an anti-pattern, in our FE repo I saw that this example is copied from there, users tend to destructure it and pass it later to SC.

Reviewer 2: Ok, I understand.

Proper usage of defaultTheme is:

```jsx
import defaultTheme from "@kiwicom/orbit-components/lib/defaultTheme";

const Wrapper = styled.div`
  background: ${({ theme }) => theme.orbit.paletteWhite};
`;

Wrapper.defaultProps = {
  theme: defaultTheme,
};
```

In order to access theme for other cases, you should use `useTheme()` hook or `ThemeConsumer`

## Rule options

```

"orbit-components/default-theme": <enabled>

```

```

> ```

Reviewer 2: There appears to be an empty block, and some additional whitespace. Is it on purpose?
